#S1E01
People say I am the best boss. They go "god we've never worked at a place like this before. You're hilarious. And you get the best out of us."
I think this pretty much sums it up | im age 001
waaaaassss uuuuuuuuppp
Corporate doesn't really interfere with me at all. Jan Levenson-Gould, I call her Hillary Rodham Clinton. Right? Not to her face, because, uh, well not because I'm scared of her Because I'm not.
Downsizing is a bitch. It's a real bitch.
Am I going to tell them? No I'm not going to tell them. I don't see the point of that. As a doctor, you would not tell a patient if they had cancer. 
This is so important I should run to answer it......... Sha-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta! Sha-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta!
I think I'm a role model here. I think I garner people's respect. 
People I respect, heroes of mine, would be Bob Hope. Um, Abraham Lincoln. Bono. Uh, and probably, God would be the fourth one. I just think all those people really helped the world in so many ways that its, um... its really beyond words. Its really incalcalacable. 
Ooh, dicipline, kinky!
What is the most important thing for a company? Is it the cash flow? Is it the inventory? Nuh-uh. It's the people. 
My proudest moment was not when I increased profits by 17% or when I cut expenses without losing a single employee. No. It was a young Guatemalan guy. First job in the country, barley spoke English. Came to me and said Mr. Scott, would you be the godfather of my child? Wow. Didn't work out in the end. We had to let him go. He sucked. 

#S1E02
Let's celebrate. Celebrate good times. Come on! Let's celebrate diversity, right?
You know what? Here's what we are going to do. Why don't we go around, and everybody say a race that you are attracted to sexually. I will go last. Go!
How come Chris Rock can do a routine, and everybody finds it hilarious and groundbreaking. Then I go and do the exact same routine, same comedic timing, and people file a complaint corporate? Is it because I'm white, and Chris is black?
What chu want, a cookie?
Open-mindedness, is that even a word?
Ok, get as much done as you can before lunch, because afterward, I'm going to have you all in tears.
This is an environment of welcoming. And you should just get the hell out of here. 
Abraham Lincoln once said that, "if you're a racist, I will attack you with the North." And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace. 
Try my gookie-gookie
